---
share: true
---
Below is a list of feats available to the Ash-Skin Giant heritage of the Giant race.

<h3><span><p>Avalanche Stopper (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Giant(Any), Boulder Toss<br></p></span></p><p><span><p><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain the Rock Catching universal ability.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p><b>Special</b>:    If you have the Deflect Arrows (Combat) feat you may use it to attempt to deflect or catch any unattended object that makes an attack roll against you, not just attacks from ranged weapons.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p>Boulder Toss (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Giant(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain the Rock Throwing universal ability, allowing you to throw rocks of up to two size categories smaller than yourself (dealing 2d6 bludgeoning damage for a small object).<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p>Burning Blood (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Giant(Ash-Skin), Hot Blooded<br></p></span></p><p><span><p><b>Benefit</b>:    When you sear a creature with your blood, you may also make a Physical(Agi) save attack against the creature (1d20 + ½ your hit dice + your Endurance modifier). On a success, the creature bursts into flame, taking 1d6 + your Endurance modifier Fire damage at the start of each turn until it is extinguished.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p>Cave Giant (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Giant(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain Darkvision (60 feet).<br></p></span></p><p><span><p><b>Special</b>:    You may select this feat a second time, improving the range of your darkvision to 90 feet.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p>Hot Blooded (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Giant(Ash-Skin)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p><b>Benefit</b>:    While you are under the effect of the Bleed status, any creature that strikes you with a non-reach melee weapon or natural attack is seared by your blood, taking Fire damage equal to your Endurance modifier.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p>Obsidian Skin (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Giant(Ash-Skin)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p><b>Benefit</b>:    You do not take damage from magma during the first round in which you are exposed to it. If you do not remove yourself from the magma (or remove the magma from yourself) before the start of your next turn, you suffer the effects as normal.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p>Thicker Skin (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Giant(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain a +1 natural armor bonus, or improve your existing natural armor bonus by an additional +1.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p><b>Special</b>:    You may take this feat multiple times, but not more than once per 5 hit dice.<br></p></span></p>